He woke up in a confused daze, unsure of where he was or when he went to sleep.
"He's awake," he heard, muffled through the wall to his right. "I never thought
it would work... he's been asleep for 40 years!" the voice continued, in
growing enthusiasm. Still confused, disconnected fragments of memory began to
form. "Who am I?" he questioned.

He remembered a someone, a face, but only faintly. He had the vague disconcerting
feeling that they were some how important. Before he could try to focus on the
fragment of his memory, some one came into the room where he was, or at least
he noticed them for the first time. It was at that point that he began to notice
his surroundings for the first time. On one side of the room was what looked like
a mirror, on the other was what looked like an array of equipment, all of it
the stark white that was expected in hospitals, or laboratories. The whiteness
of the room was further emphasized by the glaringly bright lights in the ceiling.

He then saw someone looking at him from behind a window, a girl. The expression on
Her face told him that she knew and cared for him greatly. "Where am I" he said 
or at least tried to say until he noticed the tube that was going down his
throat. Nothing came out not even a mumble. When he tried to move is arm an 
immediate intense pain shot through his whole body. His vision stated to get
blurry again, he was about to pass out. However right before he passed out he 
made eye contact with the girl still standing in the window.

Darkness soon consumed him. His mind and body went back to its retreating hole
of nothingness. Yet the womans tender face sparked something within him. A 
memory of seeing her years before. Back then her face was young and her hair
wasn't as greyed. She was youthful and happy back then, and the memory of 
her invoked feelings of love and happiness. Who was she? What were these 
memories? Why had they gone? Where was he now? His mind was interrupted.
He was abruptly awoken with the pain of a knife being stabbed into his
chest. The tube was being jerked from his mouth and there standing around him was..  
